Add acknowledgement for MacStadium (#13)
swiftwasm/blog.swiftwasm.org: Content/posts/5-5-released.md

We'd like to thank [our sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/swiftwasm) for their support, which
allowed us to continue working on SwiftWasm and related project.

> Also, we wanted to say thank you to MacStadium for giving us access to Apple Silicon machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, we want to say thank you to [MacStadium](https://www.macstadium.com) for giving us access to Apple Silicon hardware.
```
